Proofread the Contributing section (#2285)
tarantool/doc: doc/contributing/docs/infra.rst

    mkdir -p "${monitoring_dest}"
    yes | cp -rf "${monitoring_root}" "${monitoring_dest}/"

The ``${project_root}`` variable is defined earlier in the file as ``project_root=$(pwd)``.
This is because the documentation build has to start from the documentation repository root
directory.

cartridge_cli
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The content source file for the ``cartridge_cli`` submodule is

> ``README.rst``, located in the directory of the submodule repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
located in the ``doc`` directory of the submodule repository.
```
